That's not possible.
I must have been set up. I wasn't
I really don't have it.
Dead duck
If you say no, there is no such thing.
Please show me the evidence.
Spirit Player
If there is any significance to this structure
You can submit new evidence to us at any time
Don't ask you to lose money, I still treat you as hopeless
Are you worthy of my mother's teaching?
Really not.
If you say no, you won't have it.
Don't touch the two mouths up and down, it won't be there.
Referee I ask Lin Wenli to compete
Yeah, race, race.
We demand competition.
I have never seen this kind of use and will not admit it.
We're going to race race race
competition competition
In view of the player Lin Wenli in this competition
Adverse effects caused by illegal use of drugs
Until we get to the bottom of this
Competition against player Lin Wenli for 3 months